Update README.md (#84)
mne-tools/mne-icalabel: README.md

[![Checked with mypy](http://www.mypy-lang.org/static/mypy_badge.svg)](http://mypy-lang.org/)
[![status](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/d91770e35a985ecda4f2e1f124977207/status.svg)](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/d91770e35a985ecda4f2e1f124977207)

This repository is a conversion of the popular Matlab-based
[ICLabel](https://github.com/sccn/ICLabel) classifier for Python. 
In addition, `mne-icalabel` provides extensions and improvements in the form of other models.

# Why?

> EEG and MEG recordings include artifacts, including heartbeat, eyeblink, muscle, and movement activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EEG and MEG recordings include artifacts, such as heartbeat, eyeblink, muscle, and movement activity.
```
